Brother Chen, this is done
I sent these two children to get their marriage license
Wedding in 3 days
Come on!
Hey ok
Great, great.
See you in 3 days.
Hahahahaha
Chen Xiaodao, let's make it clear first
We got married to deal with two elderly people
I let you live here
Doesn't mean I accept you?
So I warn you better be honest
If you dare to mess around
Be careful I let you walk around
What do you think?
I didn't find out that it was my lord who wanted to kill me.
The world of mercenaries is a centralized blockchain system
I've found a lot of master hackers and I can't crack it
So there is no clue yet.
Keep checking, be sure to find this person
I want to avenge the sacrificed Blue Dragon players
Stop
Sun Ruoxue, you can't marry him